Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Peter!
Peter. what are you doing
up here?
Dinner is almost ready.
Come eat!
In a minute.
-I knew it.
-What?
That you were working
on something.
I found it
in one of those boxes.
Um. I forgot I had it.
It's great. isn't it?
Great at taking up space
and collecting dust.
Like that clock
and everything else in here.
Dinner in 15.
-Mmm-hmm.
-"Mmm-hmm."
Be quiet.
He can hear us.
Quiet!
♪ When you
Come to me while smiling ♪
Shh!
♪ When you say
Hello or goodbye ♪
♪ When your arms
Are around me ♪
♪ Honey dear
My little heart-- ♪
♪ And I--
Quiet!
♪ When your deep eyes
Look at me ♪
♪ When you whisper
at my ears ♪
♪ Honey I start shive--
♪ -Shh!
Peter?
Peter!
Good morning. USA!
It's Monday!
Huh!
How are you?
How are y'all feeling?
Yo. it's your boy Ja' Ma
the Great just checking in.
I know we had a long
weekend. but... woo!
The sun is shining
from where I am.
Let's just bring
the good energy
into this
Monday. you know?
Emma?
I'm sorry.
Right on time.
What happened?
Nothing.
I panicked again.
Yeah.
Was he the same creepy judge
from last time?
Yeah.
He must think I'm mute by now.
Emma.
Your voice is incredible.
♪ When they
♪ Finally do
♪ Get to hear it
They'll love it.
Hi. Mom.
Wait. what?
Yeah. okay.
I'll call you back.
I'm leaving tonight.
What happened?
I need to go
back to Italy.
Italy?
Coming with you.
All right.
Italy. here we come.
Here we are.
Mom.
Emma.
-Hello. Seba.
-Hi. Miss Wilson.
I don't know.
They told me to wait here.
I'll be right back.
-Is everything okay?
-I don't know yet.
Your father
is in intensive care.
He's stable for now.
but we have to keep
a close eye on him.
Intensive care?
He suffered a concussion.
which caused a blood clot
to form in his brain.
And he also has
a few broken ribs.
Can I see him?
Not yet. but I'll let you in
as soon as I can.
Is he gonna be okay?
We are treating him
with anticoagulants.
We have to wait and see
how he responds
to the medication.
Otherwise he'll need surgery.
Have you discussed
what happened with your mother?
No.
I mean. not yet.
Your mother has bruises
on her neck. arms. and face.
What are you saying?
Your mother's wounds
are defensive.
And victims of marital abuse
often protect their abuser.
Miss...
Talk to her.
She pushed him...
down the stairs.
I would keep her one more night
under observation.
I'll wait in there.
Mom.
Dad has had a concussion.
He's in ICU.
but he's stable now.
A concussion?
They wanna keep you
in observation tonight. too.
It's just a precaution. okay?
Emma--
You don't have
to explain anything right now.
I just want you to be okay.
He tried to kill me.
but it wasn't your father.
We'll talk about it
tomorrow. okay?
I'll go home and pick you up
in the morning.
No. you can't go home!
No!
Fine. I'll book a hotel.
Take my car.
it's parked downstairs.
Please. don't go home.
Please!
Hey.
I'll book a hotel.
No.
We're going to my house.
Scopa!
We need to fix this alarm.
It goes off for no reason.
So...
This is where the future
Ariana Grande was born. huh?
Come. I'll show you something.
So this was
your little secret getaway?
Yeah.
I've spent so many hours
in here.
singing and playing.
My parents built this studio
so that I could scream
all I wanted.
And now they're
cheering for you?
Yeah.
I sang with him
for the first time in here.
My dad.
We wrote so many
songs together.
Hey.
You want me to sing?
Please don't.
Wow!
This is my dad's secret place.
There is a lot
of very weird stuff in here.
Weird and old and broken.
He loves fixing
this stuff.
Hey.
Everything is gonna be fine.
I just can't believe
my dad would hurt my mom.
What about I make you
some dinner?
Hmm?
I'm just gonna stay here
a little longer. okay?
Sure. Um...
I'll be downstairs.
Okay.
What happened to you. Dad?
Um. Emma!
We have a situation here.
Um...
Definitely can't eat that.
There is the food truck
we saw before.
Okay. how about this?
I'll go. you stay here.
Seba. no one
speaks English here.
I think I can handle it.
Okay.
Take the car.
No. I'll walk.
In case your mom calls.
I have an idea.
It's my mom's.
Does it work?
I mean. she uses it everyday.
Um...
Can I get two?
Um... I forgot my wallet.
I forgot my wallet.
No money.
no food. darling.
Tomorrow?
Oh. come on.
Okay.
Okay. you try.
No. no.
Not like that.
You sound like a chicken!
Okay.
♪ When you
Come to me while smiling ♪
♪ When you say
Hello or goodbye ♪
♪ When your arms
Are around me ♪
♪ Honey dear
My little heart beats ♪
Do.
Re.
Perfect!
Wonderful.
Be quiet.
He can hear us.
Quiet!
♪ Everybody needs somebody
♪ And I already
found my love ♪
♪ My well deserved
Happy ending ♪
♪ My only prince
My heart. my soul ♪
♪ When your hands
Touch my cheeks ♪
♪ When your deep eyes
Look at me ♪
♪ When you whisper
at my ears ♪
♪ Honey I start
shivering ♪
♪ When you come to me
While smiling ♪
♪ When you say
Hello or goodbye ♪
♪ When your arms...
-♪ Are around me
-Shh!
♪ Honey dear
My little heart beats ♪
-♪ Everybody needs somebody--
-Shh!
-♪ My heart. my soul
♪ Lalala. lalala
♪ Lalala--
Be quiet!
♪ When you
Come to me while smiling ♪
♪ When you say
Hello or goodbye ♪
♪ When your arms
Are around me ♪
♪ Honey dear
My little heart beats ♪
♪ Everybody
needs somebody ♪
♪ And I already
found my love ♪
♪ My well deserved--
♪ ...hands touch my cheeks
♪ When your deep eyes
Look at me ♪
♪ When you whisper at--
♪ ...while smiling
-♪ When you say--
-No!
Quiet!
♪ When
Your arms are around me ♪
Be quiet.
Who are you?
Quiet.
He can hear us.
Who can hear us?
Me.
What do you want?
Kill you!
Emma!
Emma?
Seba.
-Emma.
-Shh.
Be quiet.
Come on. We need to go.
Emma.
-What?
-Shh!
Emma.
Follow me.
I don't hear anything.
What?
Nothing.
There.
He's there.
Next...
to you.
Seba?
Hi. Emma.
Where the fuck are you going?
Let me go!
It was you.
You hurt my parents!
Shut up!
Where are you going?
Everybody needs somebody ♪
♪ And I already
found my love ♪
Emma.
Hey. Emma.
Done.
Do you like it?
Mom. it's beautiful.
Thank you.
Can I wear it?
Not now. baby girl.
Daddy is coming home.
It's time
for the quiet game now.
-All right. Mommy.
-Shh.
We must be quiet now.
Promise.
Bring your toys in the bedroom
and come back to the table.
all right?
Maybe you can wear it
after dinner. okay?
-Mom?
-Yes. sweetheart?
What's wrong with Daddy?
Nothing. baby girl.
He's just tired.
But he looks different.
And you don't smile anymore.
Sweetheart.
Years ago.
Daddy fought
to protect us.
But the war...
changed him.
And when he came back.
he was different.
Is that why we have to play
the quiet game?
Yes.
Daddy doesn't like noises.
sweetheart.
They bother him.
So. yes. We must be quiet.
This is my new doll.
Here. you can have it.
It'll make you happy.
It's time.
Promise me.
Good girl.
I'm sorry.
I said quiet.
What part don't you understand?
Why can't you be quiet?
I'm sorry!
I didn't mean to!
-Ettore.
-Shh.
-Please.
-She didn't mean to--
-Shh.
Daddy!
Nobody will hear your voices.
Not ever again.
Every little sound
explodes here in my head.
But your voices.
your voices--
Ettore. no!
♪ When you
Come to me while smiling ♪
♪ When you say
♪ Hello or goodbye
♪ When your arms
Are around me ♪
♪ Honey dear
My little heart beats ♪
♪ Everybody
needs somebody ♪
♪ And I already
found my love ♪
♪ My well deserved
Happy ending ♪
♪ My only--
♪ When your hands
Touch my cheeks ♪
♪ When your deep eyes
Look at me ♪
♪ When you whisper
at my ears ♪
♪ Honey. I start
shivering ♪
♪ When you come to me
While smiling ♪
♪ When you say
Hello or goodbye ♪
It's me.
Now what?
Fuck you!
Shh.
Daddy is coming home.
It's time
for the quiet game now.
-Mom?
-Yes. sweetheart?
What's wrong with daddy?
Daddy doesn't
like noises. sweetheart.
They bother him.
Is that why we
have to play the quiet game?
Yes. We
must be quiet.
I'm sorry!
I didn't mean to!
It's not just any noise.
-Sorry.
-I said quiet.
It's voices.
Their voices.
That's what you hate!
-Daddy!
-Ettore. no!
Oh. God!
Anyway. um...
I'm sorry about the bike.
Oh. Seba. don't worry.
Peter is fixing another one.
right?
We'll probably get
a new one this time.
Can you help me
put the luggage in the car?
-Sure. yeah.
-Okay. let's go.
Mom. don't.
Leave it.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Emma.
your father would never--
I know.
Mom...
I know it wasn't dad.
Ladies. shall we?
Good morning. USA!
It's Fridaaaaaay!
Woo!
How are you?
How are you feeling?
Yo. it's your boy Ja' Ma
the Great back at it again.
I'm feeling good.
It's Friday.
The weekend is here.
♪ Scream at the
top Of my lungs and wait ♪
♪ Strange
How no one is listening ♪
♪ Trapped in a
crowded room. but I ♪
♪ Feel so alone tonight
♪ Would anybody care
If I disappeared... ♪
Emma.
♪ ...of my
deepest fears ♪
♪ I'm trying to kick
To the surface. but I ♪
♪ Feel so alone tonight
All right.
Hit me.
Okay.
It's important.
Here.
Listen.
♪ I think
I need to save myself ♪
♪ Uh-uh
♪ I think I need
To save myself ♪
So?
Do you like it?
Um...
It's not bad.
It's not bad?
It's amazing!
Yes. it is.
♪ ...change
If I just stayed still ♪
♪ Gonna find a way
Gonna climb this hill ♪
♪ Breaking the chains
Gonna save myself ♪
♪ Mmm-hmm
♪ I think I need
To save myself ♪
♪ Uh-uh
♪ I think I need
To save myself ♪
♪ Uh-uh
♪ I think I need
To save myself ♪
♪ Uh-uh
♪ I think I need
To save myself ♪
♪ Uh-uh
♪ I think I need
To save myself ♪